Prefer a sober shape
Because not all messaging software is compatible with each other, be sober in your accompanying email. Gradient color backgrounds, false spirals or any other graphic effect may disappear upon receipt. Likewise, typographical enhancements, of the bold, italic or underlined word type that can be provided in HTML format go by the wayside if the recipient reads all his emails in raw format. Avoid, proscribe, permanently destroy the "smileys" of your professional correspondence.

Remind your contact details at the end of your accompanying email
At the end of the text, it is good to include his name, his function (or that to which we aspire through this application) and his full contact details. Of course, these will also appear on the CV and cover letter attached, but if the recruiter is seized with an irresistible desire to reach his correspondent in the minute, it might as well make it easier for him. And if unfortunately, the attached files are recalcitrant and do not open, he can at least point it out to the candidate.

Signature scanned at the end of your email: beware of danger
It's a trendy phenomenon and a little trick recommended by some specialists. It would suffice to scan his signature and include it at the bottom of each mailing, above his name and contact details to embellish his emails. Except that this artifice represents a real danger of using forgery. It suffices for an email thus signed to end up in malicious hands for them to perform an extremely simple "copy and paste" and affix the signature to the bottom of any document. In addition, since the signature is saved as an image, it may disappear upon receipt since some messaging services block this type of document to avoid viruses.

Sample emails to send your CV
The email that accompanies your CV is of paramount importance because it is it that will push the recruiter to open the attachment containing the CV. It is therefore very important to treat it.

What subject should I indicate in the email to send your CV?
The subject line of the email is the first thing a recruiter will see when they receive it. It should be clear, precise and concise. At a glance, the recipient should know what is going on in your email. It must contain:

The reason for sending the message: an application for a specific position or an unsolicited application.
The reference of the job offer (if your CV responds to an offer made by the company).
The exact title of the desired position.
Your first and last name.
For example, you can indicate as the subject of your email containing your CV:

Spontaneous application for a Key Account Sales position - Pauline Mouton
Application for the position of Large Account Sales Representative - offer n ° 123 - Pauline Mouton